bluetooth: services: HRS improvements (#829)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/release_notes/release_notes_changelog.rst

     The SMP response is split into many notifications, which could fill the SoftDevice notification (HVN) TX queue and cause :c:func:`sd_ble_gatts_hvx` to return :c:macro:`NRF_ERROR_RESOURCES`, dropping the remaining data.
     Notifications that fail with :c:macro:`NRF_ERROR_RESOURCES` are now retransmitted on the :c:macro:`BLE_GATTS_EVT_HVN_TX_COMPLETE` event once the SoftDevice frees queue space.

* :ref:`lib_ble_service_hrs`:

>    * Fixed an issue where :c:func:`on_connect` and :c:func:`on_disconnect` would wrongly override the connection handle upon connecting to a different device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Fixed an issue where the :c:func:`on_connect` and :c:func:`on_disconnect` functions would wrongly override the connection handle upon connecting to a different device.
```

>    * Fixed an issue where :c:func:`on_connect` and :c:func:`on_disconnect` would override the connection handle upon connecting to a peripheral device using :ref:`lib_ble_service_hrs_client`

Reviewer 2: It is not necesarrily a peripheral device with HRS client service, right? Does this make sense? 
```suggestion
   * Fixed an issue where :c:func:`on_connect` and :c:func:`on_disconnect` would wrongly override the connection handle upon connecting to a different device. 
```
